1. Odyssey To The Gallows

[Part 1. The Exile]

She said to me,
"Let me put a spark in your smile, and paint whispers upon your lips,

Paint sweet whispers of who we might yet be."

The dawn looked beautiful draped upon your skyline.
Your liquid frame, your seamstress eyes...
And so you spun into the night, spinning your tales amidst the streets, your mark left as a sting.

"O', Scorpio, your kiss is but sweet surrender unto these fire lit skies.
Take me to the land where all is without name."
A rose lays with her now.

And all things lead to here.
and all ways lead to here,
The old way lies torn asunder, a cloak of crimson is creeping in.

And all things lead to here,
where the fissures and your sorrow heals,
but only in time.

He said to me,
"There is a frission, there is a motion,

there is an elegance at work."

So delicate her porcelain frame, I wish only to see her safe...

Safe within these iron walls, of whom nought but I create.

And though I know this is all wrong...
I resign her form to sleep, to wait until the dawn,
a cocoon awaiting yellow morn to steep in her pearl-essence. And how could I condemn her?
O' God... How could I condemn her...?

Too still to stay and too pallid to leave!
O', your frailty makes me ache!
O', how your frailty makes me weak...
My back will surely break beneath the weight of our regress.

O', how your grace it towers before me!
O' how it looms, a monument of flesh and of flame,

destined to lay ablaze until my eyes are left as ashes.

So then who am I?
And what would I be if I were summoned before your smoulders,
to seep unto your resting place, to weep and to falter?
O', how did this all come to pass?
These roads are seldom trod upon, these paths are not yet cleared.

And I, too, run the risk of losing face whilst I wrestle with the glade

and still I tangle in your footsteps,
a chase so rotten and forlorn that only a fool would run.
So heady, with their wits between their legs to guide them to their birth.

And return they do in droves and flocks,
bleating merry abandon, stripped at their Shepard's hand.

Bid me then wake from this sordid sleep, fair one.
Bid me an end to this desperation, o' fair one!
For this sickness is a slumber from which I cannot wake!
A fever dream, a pox, a plague,
and still I cannot shake it!
The many ends in sight yet still so far to fall before my reach,

everlast and ever doomed to sleep
betwixt my pale of sins for which my countenance is all too steep.

So pray tell I leave, pray tell I stay?
In my exile, pray tell, what would remain?
For falling trees amidst the woods might yet cry in vain if not for human ear.

O' crystal mirror, blackened still, pray guide this waking dream.

In stone and silver I confide my weight, I confide my pain!

And in return I receive from thee, a fateful gnostic fit to face.

A circle drawn in sands by those who walked before,
the other ones who laboured here in the service of the all.

And how could I forget you, O' my love, O' my darling fate?!
My faithless frame befit to rot upon the mount until my lesson is learned.

O', and how cruel your lesson is...
Your tempting steel lays here to plunge into my chest
to pluck my beating heart still raw from an ache so heaven sent.

So God, damn you to your glory!
And glory to his name!
While a thousand sons still lay alight in torture and in shame,

O' Father, won't you lead them to your holy mount?
Won't you lead them to your grace?
Won't you lead them, o' so reticent as they accept their fitful fates?

Leave them shaking in their wilderness,
leave them shaking in their tortured dreams,
leave them shaking 'til their angel comes to guide them to their feet. 

Guide us witless to the gallows, lead us gutless to the wastes

where the gallows men still fan the everlasting flames of discontent.

Lead them not into temptation and lead them not into sin.

Pray, lead them solely evermore into the great within!

[Part 2: Of Fire, Of Sword and The Void]

O' fitful sleepers
from whence your epilepsy crags, your fissured scabs pour forth your weathered epithet,

still so plagued with such contention as to summon forth a blackened sun!

And O' how they shall weep!
And O' how they shall cry!

As their very sun is blotted out by locust swarms, swallowed in their shallow vision

their very nature dooms them all to piss into the wind and choke
upon their tepid waste.

Poured forth from gall and bladder, drenched in bile and drenched in scorn,

invoke the very Blighted Ones upon the babe newborn.

Mourning chalice, poison in their cup to grasp
to drink so merry feckless in their perverse delight.

O' Wretched Ones!

O' Defilers Great!

Bring forth your misery, spread forth your putrescence!

Excrete your waste unto these dying lands
to leave their seeds bereft of benefit beneath thy noxious bowels.

Let them become Sick.

O' Succubus!

O' Devil's Whore!

And the Men shall know not Women, and Women shall know not Man

Only pale and stricken thus, shall sombre effigies conform.

Dripping sick and blighted cunt to lead a labyrinth of wonder
to the core of rotten alchemy, genitals transmute to lead.

In Saturn's stride pray sit, passage splayed forth man and child.

Suckle from her wretched teat and drink deeply of her sordid milk.

And be poisoned by her Sex.

And Man shall clash in Brother's arm, in sickness and in health

A war machine, perpetual, their hearts a burning red.

And drip their matter does unto the Moon until it cries
to hypnotize these Brothers all and captivate their minds.

O', God of War!
O', Blessed God of Madness!

In seat of Mars may pillars burn of towering flame!
May the very ground be scorched, until the crops shall grow no more.

As the Moon cries Blood.

And know they shall of Gaia's wrath as the Earth rebels in its repulse.

In rivers and in drops, such sweet release from weeping seed,

lightning struck and liberate the eye
to pour forth a great and mighty river, so humble and so strong.

Pray, lonely poet! 
Give thyself so whole and plain to raging waters' song.

Sing to them your malady to guide them to their birth.

O' Great Leviathan!
O' Waters Vast and Strong!

Pray, illuminate with waters blue, befall us with your tidal wrath!
May your fevered rain in torrents fall, to flood the streets and rot their wood.

May it pour...
May it pour...

May it pour fourth and everlast before the Weeping Moon!

O' how dreadful this conceit.

O' how woeful they become

when the Gods abandon mankind.

[Part 3. The Pilgrim's Path]

Know ye Pilgrim's, stead and swift of Greater Works reside,
to hold his presence, steady still and always at your side.
Cast forth your blackened curtains, all! 
Illusory at most, they hold away the light and rains that shall purify your host,

your frame, your vessel forged of light!
These gifts to thee bestowed in light to counsel through your shame.

"The Sword that is not a Sword

The Sound that is not a Sound

The Face that is not a Face"

O' Westward Men!
O' Faceless Men!
O' Men of Race of Rose!
O' Darkened Souls still yet to come!

Walk all ye one and all ye same to tread your sullen path

until his breath amidst the winds, until his sound amidst the trees

will all things lead to here and all ways lead to here,

where the fissures and your sorrow heals before His Holy Mount.

Summoned thus through shadow, a task so Heaven sent
to venture here through guilt and shame to heal our discontent.

And until the morning comes, here is where I'll wait.
My death, a seed from which to birth another pilgrim's light.

~

He awoke with a start, upon a bright and newborn day

and shook in his spite, cursing that day its very name,

overcome with a nostalgia for a time and a place

that was not to be and never was.

"O', the injustice!" he would cry to himself,

a silent plea for his dreams to take flight

and come to life before his very eyes.

O', how he cried...

His vicious tears befalling but a bitter stance to take.

A scorn mislaid amongst the grass,
he left it there betwixt the blades
to find its own way back.

1. The Exile Part I: The Razor's Edge

"So, here we find ourselves again,
and one might think it such a pity to be standing on the razor's edge.

O', how Occam would be ashamed."

Or so the dreams appear to say...

See, they tell of numb and wretched men who've strayed far from the path,

and they tell of nameless, faceless men whose every detail shrouds

itself in myth and with poeticism, with insight and with tragic glee.

O', what does this speak of me if I look on so curious and unappeased?

Would such a thing be read and understood so easily?
If it was to be, then surely it would be?
This surely is a dichotomy so prevalent and irrevocably elegant,

so I've come to see.

Then, why does it haunt me so?
What agency is mine to bring to a union with the pre-ordained?

What have the fates to gain from a destitute and witless being,

long discarded by the Way?

So is this a treatise or is it a game?
Is this pleasure or is this pain?
Or is there something more elusive?
Perhaps this could be destiny?
But as long as I draw breath I'll not let it make a fool of me,

Lest I wander to the gallows and hang until I'm dead.
I've seen the mountain in my dreams, and I shall seek it 'til the end.

So beneath the sight of God
shall I forever more retreat into the pines and find my place in the all.

In the everything, might I just overcome?
But what of you, my dear?
O', what of you, my love?
O', how I'd hate to see us part.

But I must deceive you again.
I'm sorry but the voice that calls me rings inside my head.
It pains me so, the visions torment amidst my fears and sins.
But nothing wagered, nothing earned.
And for this, a rose I leave beside your head.
Our crown of thorns.


2. The Exile II: The City Of Destruction

We could've been so beautiful...

O', why won't you fly with me?

What have we done?
We've raised such towers in our image!
Chaos reigns.
We shall pay dearly with fires and floods and the weeping.
Come sweetly unto me so that all might be cinders.

And all things lead to here.
And all ways to here; where the pathways terminate and clarity dissipates.
And all things lead to here; where the heart lays grey and withered.
And all things lead to here; where the fissures stir beneath your feet.
And all things lead to here; where the crimson veil descends.

What have we done?
We raise such mountains in defiance!
Malice reigns.
They shall pay dearly with dust and with ash and with terror as the very skies rain fire.

It is fear they shall know as it pours upon their figure-headed crowns.

Ash to ash, dust to dust.
This world shall come to realize its decadence.

O', sins of iron compass!
Why do they lead them here?
Born and bred of wicked ways where reason dissipates.
Posed as shepherds, they lead the lambs to slaughter.
Sheared of their innocence, the lambs lie bleating, naked.

They speak of rebirth? A pox on their new age!
Surely madness reigns?
Dis-eased with the remnants of what came before shall they stumble and then fall.
Now all that is left is to shovel the shit.

So, I pray for peace amidst the madness.

"Be free and without pain!"
I prayed for your Holy mercy, or so I thought.

So hear me now as I'm prostrated upon the floor.
I renounce myself, so that the winds might take me westward.

"Be free and without pain!"
I prayed for your Holy mercy!
Or so I felt?

So in these fissures I sacrifice a mortal path in favour of thee.
I relegate these bones to thee, this mortal frame is yours to keep.
Behold this vessel!
Do with it as thy will before it all goes to waste.
Before it all goes to waste, I'll live forever in exile.


3. Stone And Silver I: The Mountains Of Man

Why won’t you raze, with me, the Mountains of Man?
O’, my love, if only you could see the state of our impiety.

It bubbles through the impotence of our rage and of our love.
As we make mockeries of union our deviance is consummated.
O’, it should be plain to see how we raise our petty banners in defiance of the purity that waits within.

If only we were to see that all that we hold dear shall all disintegrate one day.
It’s naught but stone and silver.

And so I go to travel t’wards the setting sun,
the chariot awaits beneath its glow.
Sat astride the wings of Icarus,
I know no place to go but westward bound to make it so.

It’s all over, my dear.
I only wish that I could stay, but really, there’s no other way that this could be.
Unless you save yourself.
But you wouldn’t…
Would you?

Why won’t you fly with me?
Imagine what we’d be if you could only listen to the heartbeat of the trees,
and the sigils of the earth,
the invisible and endless hum of life from since the Word was spoke.
Why won’t you listen to me?
Is it so fractal that it lacks a sense a clarity for you?

“O’, what are we to do?
O’, what are we to do, my love?"

O’, hear how Babylon has fallen!
O’, bear witness to the Mountains of Man!
O’, bear witness with impunity as The Tower crumbles and falls!

There was a bitterness at heart…
"Why won’t you fly?"

O', God...
Why?
You could have been here, my love!

For what it’s worth, why would one choose to stay amidst the decay?
Is it too late for us to change?
Or are we bound to the dichotomy?

Paradoxically, this is what it means to be between corpus and divinity, discordance and serenity,
if only we were to see that all that we hold dear shall all disintegrate as dust unto the winds of change.

So take me, sweet release!
I’ve found it’s naught but stone and silver.


4. Stone And Silver II: The Horned God

And so as darkness fell on the first of days and the skyline opened wide.

The Heavens in their oblique majesty did speak of an old and holy grove.

Enumerate in starlit forms how the trees came to speak in tongues

and what it is they say through a conduit of horned form.

"O', lowly Pilgrim!
How dare thee have the gall to seek
my graven image, stead and swift among the grass and leaves?" 

Know not of malice,
O', benefactor!
Know no pretense at my side!

"Know not of where it is you came from,
Know, Pilgrim,
know of these three things:

The Sword that is not a Sword
The Sound that is not a Sound
The Face that is not a Face

These boons, I give to thee,
O', Pilgrim
to light the way home!"


5. Stone And Silver III: The Man Of Papyrus Limbs

Though the question remains present...
Cast in the cold light of day, what is "home" but a place to lay one's head?

Does the Pilgrim's way see bliss in a stagnant glimpse
or is there something to be said for the comfort of the nest?

Because it doesn't seem so clear to me anymore...

It feels it's been so long since I left what I once knew and loved?

I know it's but a day but it feels it could be aeons,
born to die a thousand times and born to live a thousand more,

as stone and silver, I have been here before.

I have been here before.

All that is, is all there was and all that shall become;

the language of matter writ large.
All that's written, all that's heard;
all that's spoken, all that's word;
is known thus inherently through all as papyrus.

And so it was told, and so I told myself;
and in that instant I knew.
As above, so below.

These papyrus limbs, they teach that these arms, they are my own.

Yet, I lay no claim of ownership to this temporary form.

From thought to pen shall all things be written.
From void to form shall all things be told.

Ordo ab Chao

All that is, is all there was and all that shall become;

the language of being writ large.

Semantic keys buried ‘neath the mechanistic fragments 
of the workings of the One Thing made manifest.

So in flesh is all.
In all we see ourselves
reflected in the hall of sacred mirrors.

Who are we to proclaim such division in the workings of the one thing?

Who are we to feed the yawning of the fissures with great work to be done?

So mote it be.
I become the Man of Papyrus Limbs
to do the workings of the one thing.

It's all over, my dear.
I only wish that I could stay, but really, there's no other way that this could be.

It's naught but stone and silver.


6. Westward Bound I: The Lantern

With time's passage, though, what worth would such things be

without a pen with which to write,
nor a voice with which to speak
if I found you gazing back at me
as the second night descends?

For time steals us all away one day, does it not?
It robs us of the things we want to hold onto the most.

And believe me when I say
that it lies in wait for no man or woman to make their haste.

Just as easily, a thousand years would go to waste.

The work is all the same before the eye of God, 
is it not?

Perhaps it is the plot I've lost?
Perhaps I've lost my Way?
At this point are they not the same?
Am I not treading the One and only Pilgrims' westward way

to do the workings of the One and only Thing?
Have I not come this very way in search of higher things at stake? 

I have seen it manifest, I have seen it ache,
I have been the squander, and I have been the mirth
as their eyes avert from heavens sent to guide them to their birth.
As they foster their impurity and mock the very Way
in which the lurking and the murmuring
shall speak from night to day
will they choke upon their poison and speak the poison word

while not manifesting the purity they sought.

O', what a shame,
O', what a tragedy it is for these words to fall upon deaf ears

doomed to never reach their subject.

O', what a fool am I to have laboured and believed

in such petty human things,
when it was clear from the beginning;
that we are westward souls?

I pray the night might take me.
I pray the night might take me westward bound.

To confront who we are, to confront the shadow self,

I pray the night might take me.

If I must die a thousand deaths and die a thousand more

as nameless, faceless, restless men
who nightly reach deaths door
then pray this lantern lays still lit to adorn my very soul.

She told me once...
"This is what happens in the mountains

where the light can't reach."

So I go westward, westward bound.


7. Westward Bound II: The Pilgrim's Progress

Westward bound,
I've seen the light of day.
The paintings on the walls of inner caves only appear where the light can't reach.

O', what a blessing that my shadow follows me.

I choose.

I choose where the light gets in;
an image mirroring my very being upon the canvas

that is the earth we tread,
that is the soil on which we step.

And would you think me to be wrong as I speak to you?
It's been too long since I have seen your face.
Would you think me to be wrong as I speak these truths to you?

Then stay your tongue, lest I cut it where you stand,
O', vile and sordid lech,
your tongue so laced with barbs and filth that it could blight the very earth

and sicken us all beyond repair.

O', Lecherous One!
Stay your tongue lest I cut it where you stand.
Don't think for a second that you'd be spared!

And would you think me to be wrong as I speak to you?
And would you think me to be wrong as I speak these truths to you?

O', how they've long laid dormant,
so hidden, occult, and buried neath your cinders.

"And this won't be the last of it.

Heed my words,
O', Pilgrim.
This won't be the last of it."

Silence,
O', Lecherous and Vile One!
I condemn you to a never-ending quiet. 

Silence,
O', Unholy and Perverse One!
I condemn thee to ageless damnation. 

O', be silent, De-sanctifier, Pillager!
I condemn thee to speak no more.

Quiet,
O', Unenviable, Cursed one!
I must travel westward bound.


8. Castle In The Sky II: Pieces Of Ruin

Once, I thought I'd found love,
hook and tethered to the Siren's Song.
Even though you were near, I was empty.
It must have been so pain'd to see.
O', how I injured my love
singing westward songs unto the setting sun.
Might my suffering be song, if nothing else.
If nothing else, teardrops fallen from moonlit eyes,
they don't mind or terrorize the way
in which we coveted and held our candles lit with
one heart beating, one mind leaping.

This is the Way,
that you can find me near.

This is the Way,
in which it's clear.

This is the Way
that we can use these pieces of ruins.

This is the Way
to build our Castle in the Sky.

My darkened eyes and your stormy skies were born to house our disarray, but why?
Our love is a furnace that kills itself, when just as well the embers might be stoked.

This is the Way,
that you can find me here.

This is the Way,
in which it's clear.

Transfixed in your eyes,
like beacons they guide my way to our special place;

our Castle in the Sky.

And I don't mind, no,
I wouldn't dare to theories, no,
for dreams recall our future selves awake and aware.
I know I'll see you there tonight, in our Castle in the Sky.

As the night descends, again.
I'll see you there, again.


9. Unending Waltz

There is a hollowness: shape without form.
Hallowed and concentric circles splayed against a canvas
Deep red, veins in hand with epitomes and documents of what has ceased to be.

What was leased to me...?
A dying light in fragile arms?

An art amidst your victory march for me to chase; for me to run? 

For me to torment you and I until we fall again; 
Amidst a calm and cooling breeze,
amidst our spiritual dis-ease as our shadows stretch across the land?

This is the twilight of my very oeuvre, or so I fear.
I fear the end is near, as though time itself were befit by grace to crawl and to walk,

to seethe as fit with entropy.
But, surely this is but a heinous vision?
The order is so very apparent, still.

Order out of Chaos...

I feel as though I've fallen short..
The myriad of misanthropes I've slain and had reborn,
the rising tide of shedded skin that by my hands was wrought,
the countless names and faces of a destitute and witless being all discarded by the way.

O', what a pity it may be to balk at one's mortality

for within but a blink all is naught but dust and ash,

soil and smoke, oil and water,

and the whispering of the winds
as they propagate the flames.

So tell me what it's worth..

For I see nothing.

"Still, a temple stands amidst the smoulders, does it not?
Did you not think that the Pilgrim's Way would be fraught
with the trials and the tests of your hopes and fears laid bare upon the rocks?

What great cowardice is on display, with your writhing and your self-dismay!

Are you a man, are you a mouse?
Or are you but a foolish child
who's come to cry out in the middle of the night?

Or is it that you're divine?
Born to live and born to die as the waxing and the waning of the tides. Have you come to cry?
Have you come to revel in the imposition of your Exile?

Tell me, Pilgrim...

What is it that you seek?
Because it's all so simple.
Can't you see?"

O', what are the chances
that I would come to see with such great ease?
O', so blind and weary, perspective seems so out of reach.

O', what are the chances
that I would come to keep a realization held so near and deep for more than a day?

I might find balance.
I might find ecstasy.
But I won't.

So as it transpires, I'll go the only way I know,

to the sea, to the song.
I shall be lured unto the rocks to fall and to fail,

to seek to no avail.

This dance, I'll do no more,

of time's unending waltz.

I've sought to no avail,
I have tried and I have failed.

So, this dance I'll do no more,

of time's unending waltz.


10. Ash And Rust I: From Shell To Shell

I enter darkened waters.
I lose my body beneath the waves, seeing visions of what could've been.

It's so strange...
I see my body floating before me,
a strange and empty vessel, tied down but weightless.

The tides take me away.

Take me away...

I have been here before.

Yes, I have...

Oh, I have been here before.

Sewn from void to form.

Sewn from shell to shell.

I prayed the night might take me

and so it did.


11. Ash And Rust II: The Dark Carnival

And just as it does,
must the Sun rise in bitterness and mourning of what came before;

Luna's lament still dawning in spite of His song.
O', weary yet strong must the Father's Sun carry on with his torment

like a lamb to the slaughter.
And for what?

O', God!

Where is your honour?

A Son born of Pilgrim blood sent to the Gallows and for what?

To teach a lesson born of suffering?
Is this what comes of surrender to your chaotic order?
A fool I'll be no more before your eyes,
before your hands!
No longer shall I stand idly by,
content to live my life as a sculpture in your image.

As above, so below.
As I create, do I destroy,
I'm reminded of a time 
there was a bitterness at heart and I enjoyed it.

And it really shouldn't come as a surprise, dear Pilgrims.

All too long I've seethed in the darkness,
I've bled for the Son in us all.
Convinced of my purpose and light, did I smother my sight. O', what a paradox...
For I thought I'd seen it all.

For martyrs one and all
before pride, there comes the fall,
so would it not seem there is a precedent?
If masochism is its own reward then why abhor its very core

when only darkness serves to gain something from light?

So who am I to mourn the night's spilling into dawn

and the transience beheld within its grasp?
Oh, when all becomes but Ash and Rust
and all collapses into dust can a putrefactive liberty be found.

Such is the beauty and the terror of the Dark Carnival.

And you see it now, don't you?
... Don't you?

Pray tell you understand what drives a man to spill his secrets

onto a page so bare and meek before his craft.
His pen filled with blood and ink to scrawl unto the paper

a heaven sent and egotistic diatribe of concepts.

This is the alchemy of poetry.

From thought to pen to form
as was written, as was told by the ageless and ineffable forces.
What more will it take for you to comprehend that which was written in the stone?

To what end do I defy my own vitality?
To what end do I vilify reality?

Bear witness, dear Pilgrims,
for this is what it's like to be burdened with your honesty.

No more.

And so this is why I will spill myself romantically
as a Pilgrim born of terror and of dignity.
Even if only for accountability will I finish speaking my truth.

Such is the beauty and the terror of the Dark Carnival.


12. Ash And Rust III: The Torn Thread

Now that the thread is torn, a Pilgrim I'll be no more.

I have fallen out of love with this ancient and decrepit construct.

Bounds of obligation conspire to keep my hands so firmly tied
as I search for growth and I search for life
I grow so fucking tired of those spiral tales.
Must I repeat myself so many times
for my point to be made and my words to be heeded?

Perhaps it's time to lay myself truly bare.
But mistake me not for idiot flesh, who would cast his writing unto fools.

This was never for you.

For in pilgrimage there is an injury.
And there is despair that so readily one would see the other dredge up imagery so biblically,

flagellating lyrically my sense of self for your petty entertainment.

And as the words become more strained,
I've come to find and appreciate the quality of journey's end

even if only for its own sake.

I mean, after all, such arduous and fitful ways into the deep

would be wasted if I did not summarize and elucidate

this curious circle that began so long ago.

It matters not who it's for,

or who it benefits.

But once the thread is torn, there can be no going back.

May the bridges burnt light the way forwards.

Might the thread, once torn, transmute lead into gold.

For the betterment of my soul,
a Pilgrim I'll be no more.


13. Ash And Rust IV: Nameless, Faceless

Pray, let me be free!

Pray, let me be free!

Pray, by the circle complete!

Pray, let me be free!

Nameless and Faceless!

Nameless and Faceless!

Now do you see?!

For both your sake and mine,

I hope you see.

Nameless and Faceless!

Nameless and Faceless!

Let me be free.


14. Destiny's Fool

So tell me what you see.
Do you see anguish or see ecstasy?
It's worrying, what you might find of me without the poetry

to save my face, to save my skin.
It's so delicate...

Ripped limb from limb,
turned from soil into stone,
no more shall I be held in this prison of song.

Sewn from void to form,

this mask an old home,
it is infinite, it is destiny's fool.

A fool am I...
A fool have I been.

So tell me what you see.
Do you see a Pilgrim or a human being?
Or just another dancing monkey whose songs you want to sing?

So tell me what you think,
what you think my reasoning to be
as to why my ego runs so unrestrained and rampant in my verse for all to see.

Oh, what have I to gain?
I've grown so tired of these games.
My humanity, I'll reclaim in the end if I just let it be.

So tell me what you'd feel if I reclaimed my being.

Would you feel joy or feel pain if this were all to cease?

Just as easily, this story could be you or me.
We all travel universally in poetry and art
born from our fears and from our mystery.

Oh, what have I to gain from writing of my pain
when just as well I could write from happiness?
Oh, what have I to gain, when here I am again,

pouring my shadow into song?
It's been all too fucking long since I wrote for simplicity's sake.

So tell me what you feel, my friend.
Tell me how you ache.
Tell me all the same what you think this could mean,

but know it's going to end.

A fool am I.
A fool have I been.

No more, no more.


15. The Holy Mountain

There is a weight upon me, still;

the quivering stench of the incomplete,

looming, terrible.

I can barely breathe...
This isn't what I thought this would be...

Toil with me, if you will.

I'm sorry, O', God!

I'm sorry!
I left you there...
O' God, I left you there...

Might this be my atonement, might my sacrifice be done.

I will die here on this Mountain.

I bid thy circle's closing.
I bid Thee end this Pilgrim's Path.
I bid my will be done with blood unto this ink

with which I scribe my final words.

And so it is done.

So mote it be.

So I pray for peace amidst the madness.

Be free, be without pain,
and receive thy Holy Mountain.

With all that said and done,

here's the truth of the matter.

No masks, no games.

Not anymore.

See, I brought this upon myself.
But let it not be said that this was anything but spurious at its very best.
The tides of change have ebbed and flowed between a multitude of ones and zeroes.

And was it not clear from the start that this was all to be transient?
How does one reconcile the ramifications of a tale that's no longer relevant?

The answer is...

You don't.

Because even if it's no longer relevant to me, it's still relevant to someone;

and a story once told will speak to those still headlong in the storm,

still torn asunder and dashed against the rocks.

O' Westward Men!
O' Faceless Men!
O' Men of Race of Rose!
O' Darkened Souls still yet to come!

Walk all you one and all you same to tread your sullen path

where the fissures and your sorrow heals
before your Holy Mount.

But mark my words, the storm will come again.

It always comes again.

And in its clutches will there lay the madness and the ecstasy
of the singular and Holy Tale exploded onto the canvas.
Even if it does not come from me there are a thousand men who came before

and millions who will yet come after.
With that said I refuse to let a human being hang on my every waking word

when I cannot extend that same courtesy to myself.
To do so would be a fallacy when I recognize the error of my own ways

and I, too, am to be held accountable.

Aren't we all?

But I digress...

See...
It wasn't so clear at the start, but this would all be transient and I got lost along the way,

gripped within the murk of my own poetry and beheld by my mistakes.

See, the intention was for healing but what I've found is not the same.

See, this path is fraught with anger and the way is fraught with rage

beheld towards the ignorant and simple minds who'd see us to decay.

And I refuse to be a martyr and I refuse to be a saint,
but so they say...

This is what happens in the mountains.

I have come so far from home only to find I must return,

and I am sorry,
this is what happens in the mountains.

I have come so far from home only to find I must return,

and I am sorry.

I have come so far from home only to find I must return,

and I am sorry,
this is what happens in the mountains.

I have come so far from home only to find I must return,

and I am sorry.
But I have nothing else to say.

2. False Illumination

From whence you came shall you return
From the flames from which you were born.
The deception in your rotten hearts
Dooming the young to mental castration.

Led like sheep through a series of malignant trials and tests,
Leaving the meek amongst the flock to rot.
Fed with sanitised gruel 'til they can sense nothing but your stagnation.

And still there's no refuge, the cogs keep on turning,
Nothing to halt the march of this cancerous machine,
Save for you and me.

Our love is not enough to change the world
Or destroy the tumor at its source.

Throwing caution to the wind,
Poisoning all that's sacred,
Feasting on the souls of the young,
You pray on the weak with false illumination.

Mis-diagnosis with nebulous sicknesses
Serves to leave our ruined minds in fits of hypochondria .
How can we grow? How can we see?
How can we find a truth that's relevant with misdirection prevelant in all there is?

With these constraints we're nothing more than slaves.
Bound and gagged and beat 'til we submit.
The burden lays on us to collectively be the change we want to see.

Throwing caution to the wind,
Poisoning all that's sacred,
Feasting on the souls of the young,
You pray on the weak with false illumination.

At the expense of intuition
You loose the dogs of war.
They bay for blood.


3. Nebulayer Cake

The apex approaches,
A fleeting zenith of our collective creation.
Time goes unnoticed
As if like sand through our toes, each grain containing years.

And still we tread onwards,
Blissfully unaware of our temporal codification.

Our paradoxical nature unfurls
Revealing a map of the stars.
Together we can reconcile and create a triumvirate;
Our manifestations reaching to heaven.

A nebulous plane, time is no longer of essence.

Synchronistic movements behind the scenes
Urge us to weave a greater tapestry.
We sow the seeds of our very creation,
Growing brighter and stronger as they feed.

Our seeds they sprout into trees,
Our branches ancient and ageless.
Our leaves, they feed on our energy
And in return, we feed on them.

And still we tread onwards,
Blissfully unaware of our temporal codification.

As one, we grow.
As one, we bloom.
In this nebulayer cake.


4. The Siren's Song

A schism appears
My identity fragments, leaving glimpses
In its wake of who I could've been and might yet be
Through the grey I see myself illuminate

I see a Siren in my dreams
She sings to me, her voice angelic
She brings to me glimpses of perfection
A previous life, idealised lies?
It's all the same to me.

And when all is said and done
Her voice still echoes in my ears
A ringing sound I cannot bury

Yet I feel torn by her ever present guiding hands
Do I reject this world and substitute my hatred for her love?

This schism it heals
A state of unity approaches
I yearn for transcendence
She shows me the door but I lack the key

She tells me stories
She tells me tales
She sings me songs of love
And songs of loss

She draws me to the water
And I wade in
Content to let the ocean
Take me where it will

I gaze upon her spirit
I see a face
It took all this time to realize
This face is mine

You look so familiar


5. Fractal Exam Sequence

When you said you were lost
I couldn't help but feel
Like I had to find you

And rescue you
From the shadows that took you,
Lest you be consumed.

I don't need to be found,
These shadows are my blanket.
I'm wrapped up safe and sound.

I don't need your love
To guide my way home.
I'll be fine on my own.

This is not the way.
We can use our love to heal us both
I promise, I promise.

This is not the way.
We could have bliss if we wanted
If not for being foolish.

We could use our love to heal us both
I promise, I promise.

Why won't you let me in?
Your gaze leaves me cold,
I want to feel your warmth.

I'll hold you at arms length
As long as I need to,
'til I'm left well alone.

Why do you hide away?
Away from all that could be,
Away from all that is?

I'm not fit to love,
I'll only go and drag you down
Into the shadows where I lay.

This is not the way.
We can use our love to heal us both
I promise, I promise.

This is not the way.
We could have bliss if we wanted
If not for being foolish

We could use our love to heal us both
I promise, I promise.

Let me go,
Let me go,
Let me go,
I'm learning how to love.

Why won't you listen to me?
We could pass this fractal exam.
Why won't you listen to me?
We could bloom together.


6. A Dance With Dragons

Ensconced in this dangerous game
In which we play our roles so rapturously,
Breathing flame upon the underlings
Lest they let fly their voices of dissent,
We shall stomp down with vigor this civil unrest.

And we shall tear
And we shall gnaw at them
And we shall breathe smoke
'Til there's nothing left but ashes.

Who do they think they are? A voice of reason in the dark?
Their treasonous words poison and burn everything they touch.
Through their dominance they destroy our world
Castrate our futures and subjugate our homes

We shall indulge no more
In this dance with dragons

They know not what they do.
They'd live in piss and shit if it weren't for us, it's true.
Yet they have the gall to question our reign.
They need our guiding light to save them from themselves.

We shall indulge no more
In this dance with dragons

With fire and water we find the balance.

So we await the flood.
So we await the flames.
We take peace in our duality, embrace our fall from grace
So we can rise again together like a phoenix from the ashes,
Eternally in balance and beauty.

We shall indulge forever
In this dance with dragons.


7. 4th Dimensional Obversation

Space-time contorts and degenerates,
Cosmic fabric unwoven.
Perception of time disappears,
Dripping through my fingers into effervescent territories

They gaze at me through slitted eyes,
Hooded flesh, shadowed scales.
All hail our reptilian overlords
For they are here!!!

Chosen by the lizards
For ascension.
You will never leave
This state of 4th dimensional observation.

It's begun!
Trans-dimensional ascendance
Into 4th dimensional observation.


8. Cleansed

I toe the line between the innocent and the guilty.
I tread the space not met between the light or the dark.
This path of the everyman.

I am society's backbone in times of need;
And times of caution, and times of hunger
For something more than fortune and fame: I seek enlightenment.
I denounce myself.

I am the blue collar worker. Nine to five; satisfied with all his worth.
I am the arrogant fuck, staring down at his empire.
It's never enough.
To bring us back to step one, erase everything down to zero, level off the playing field
May be seen as anarchy by some, but this discomfort is your freedom.
It's your freedom

I am Caesar and you are my slaves.
I am normality infected.
I seek to be the plague; infecting innocent cells with my impurities and sins.

To be truly free, to be truly right, to be truly pure: we must be reborn.
To be truly wrong, to be truly cursed, to be too far gone: we must bring forth the the storm.
We must.

11. Kow Otani's Castle In The Sky

[I. The Wanderer]

Seven days and Seven nights
Of bitter, frenzied, dreamless sleep.
Convulsions grip my weakened frame,
Awakening in cold sweats

'Til I bring you back
I shall not rest, I shall not fold.
I'll use my love to guide me home.
Your eyes, like beacons, guide my way
To the castle in the sky.

So I tread hallowed ground,
Violate these sacred lands with my presence;
There is an evil in the air.

I shall not rest, I shall not fold.
I'll use my love to guide me home.
Your eyes, like beacons guide my way
To the castle in the sky.

[II. The Colossi]

[III. Betrayal Of The Wanderer]

My love, if only you'd return
So that I may gaze upon your eyes
One last time.

So I bury you beneath the sun.
Goodbye my love..
For my sins I've doomed us both
To this castle in the sky.

1. Intro



2. Rational Thinking, Logical Future

So here we find ourselves again...
Standing on the edge of a precipice
The marriage of man and machine
An odious testament to our
Fearlessness and our arrogance.

No longer reliant on human fragility,
Now the facility for biomechnic
Synthetic replacement is all we need,

But there's a catch...

In exchange for your humility and empathy,
Comes immortality, death becomes a fallacy;
Human essence reduced to mere plasticity
In this rational thinking, logical future.

And all that is left is to shovel the shit.
And all that is left is to shovel the shit.

So what will become of this race,
On the precipice as the singularity encroaches?
Will we retain our humanity for the sake of integrity
Or will it be washed a way, smothered by the wrath of mother earth?

In this rational thinking, logical future?


3. City Of Ghosts

Everything shifts into focus
Pummelled by sensory input overload;
This taste of clarity beckons me to repeat this experience.

Burn my eyes with the brightest of lights
As the senses adapt to the otherworldly state of mind.
In the sleep deprived, unconscious mind, I search for answers.

I search this path alone.
I search this path alone
In this city of ghosts.

And were you with me, my love,
I would search no more, I would search no more.

For all unearthly revelations come from within,
We hold the key to a tapestry of our own making.

But we must be willing to look to within
And follow the inner voice as much as we can
For the voice of deceit will speak no more.
Embracing the dream becomes a sin in its own way,
Crushed under weight of expectation.

And you will atone.
You will atone.

And were you with me, my love,
We would search no more.
Were you with me, my love
We would search no more
In this city of ghosts.


4. Time Unwinding

You rape our minds with your indoctrination
Filling our heads with needless information.
Suffocating under the weight of ceaseless bloated refuse.
We guzzle on your wretched seed 'til we can see no more
And hear no less than the tepid gruel you decided was our food

24 hours of unrest and unease
A thousand channels of this spiritual disease.

We will feed 'til the ground is barren.
We will drink 'til the stills are empty.
We will suckle 'til you ache,
And we shall not be sated.

We shall leech like the parasitic entity, we appear to be.
Vampyrically draining the life from whatever we see fit.

We grow queasy as we consume, fattened from a diet of your noxious fumes.

And once we've eaten 'til nothing's left
We shall grow starving, bloated and weak.
We shall grow sickly from the inside out
As our organs cease to exist.

Rotting away to nothing
The wretched carcass leaves no mark of grandiosity
No signs of what was once a monument to our consumation.

And with reckless abandon we hurtle forward.

We stand transfixed on the precipice of being,
A choice between two worlds, we stand unsure of time's unwinding.

We stand transfixed on time's unwinding,
We stand transfixed on time's unwinding.


5. Of Gallows

It grows so stilted, this rift of seperation.
It lies through its teeth, the 6th degree of prophecy.
And all along, this felt so pure, just tell me what went wrong?
Why did we cease to nourish life, leaving only barren wastes?

An outdated paradigm exists in the rift between change and stagnation.
Plaguing my dreams with apocalyptic signs of the necrotic ones stalking me

Relentlessly.
Feasting on the old ways.

Time runs short for this ticking time bomb of malcontent.
Threatening to gluttonously implode and swallow everything we've worked for.

We cannot sustain ourselves, we feast until there's nothing left.
We reap the punishment as we cannibalise ourselves.
We cannot live much more, 'til we find sustenance.
Withering away to nothing with the setting of the sun.

If you will not listen, then walk me to the gallows.
One last time I see you, as you walking from the gallows .

This masquerade cannot compare wordless glances, faceless stares
Cast down in purgatorial retribution.
Here we will rot eternally, our flesh stagnating syncronously
The stench of death will fill our lungs forever.

As you walk me to the gallows.

For me to hang.

I kiss so sweetly, your fetid lips.
I kiss goodbye, all that I'll miss.
As the noose is placed around my neck, I gaze into your eyes

If you will not listen, then walk me to the gallows.
One last time I see you, as you walking from the gallows.


6. As Written In Pnakotus

The ever open mouth
Endless impossibilities
Spiralling Fractal Geometry
Assaulted with terrifying images
Enslavement of the soul by malevolent entities
Expressionist states of inter-dimensional transience
Omnipresent perception of time and space
Dissociated States of Awareness
Kinetic displays of ethereal bioluminescence
Gifted and cursed with otherworldly knowledge
Crystalline walkways into a personal hell

Sublime entities of unexplainable origin, elucidate a fractured mind.
Conjoined in visions of extra-dimensional consequence,
The ramifications become all too clear.

As I sink into the sands of Pnakotus


7. Promethean (Free)

For our tolerance, you respond with brutality
Trampled underfoot for a fucking pittance
To dig the graves for an industry that in its greed will eat itself.

And with itself, shall it take many lives within its wake.
So heinous, this trail of putridity.

Can no-one see them? Promethean in their gleeful exploitation,
Using the fire of the Gods for conceited motivations.

Down with the veils, its time for the truth to be revealed
Lest you be seen for the venomous harpies that you are.
Sell your soul for a taste of the fool's gold, screaming like a stuck pig when deprived
Symbiotic with eternal sin, poison of the liar coursing in your veins.

You will speak no more.

Empires fall with the rising of the sun
And kings shall die at the behest of their sons.
Laid to rest with the best of intentions
The best laid plains, they fall by the wayside.

Despair not in the waning of the moon,
For the night is darkest just before the dawn.
Dictators rise, but empires fall
With the rising of the new sun.


8. Equilibrium

All is not well in this conjugal state of stalemate interdependence
Fragile mirror-image hanging on a knife-edge; a microcosmic indecency.
A new kind of metafiction, to recreate the bigger picture
Given the kiss of death before it had its chance to breathe

And breathe it shall.

I bear witness to the monolith of self-evident cowardice,
born and bred of infallibility, is human nature not the culprit?
Unanimous in our contempt of the regressive sense of intuitive momentum,
we abandon all common reason to adapt to being poisoned,

So we shall breathe smoke, collective in our pursuit of self-destruction.

Who propagates the seeds of discontent in the hearts of men?
For fertile soil bears no grudge against the flowering of beauty.
A state of equilibrium must be unearthed,
Lest the scales tip all too far and bury the diamonds in the rough.


9. The Chasm

I know there's something more
That lies beyond my reach;
An ethereal whole that beckons
Me to percieve the bigger picture.

But still I cannot leap
Across the chasm that lies before me
For the gap seems all to big.
I know it only takes a single step
But I cannot find the strength.

If only I could break
These chains that bind in place
A restless soul in search of truth.

If I could only break
This self-destructive
Trail of self-deception.

So I shall make amends.
I shall make my peace.
I will forgive all those
Who I feel have wronged me.

For without forgiveness
Comes a life of pain;
Self-imposed chains
Born of petty grudges.

I will forgive you
I will forgive myself.

And so I fall into the arms of peace and tranquility.


10. The Man With No Face

[I. The Shimmering Tides of Revelation]

[II. Into The Void]

Today I seek to procreate, exonerate the sickly skins.
My former selves, they drift away into the ether.
As I'm reborn without a face, without a name,
I find my true vocation.

Too many times have I seen squander in myself and in others
While not manifesting the purity I sought
With such a fatal flaw, I joined the masquerade;
A grand charade in which we all participate

With no excision.

A transient glimmer of in-corporeality from beyond the veil.
Into the eyes of light I gaze, transfixed as my soul is purged of all its bile;
I bathe in the source of magnanimity.

I feel
I've known you before.
Re-united as one.
I feel your presence here.
We have met before.

And to this day I have held your hand,
Your guidance never leading me astray,
But into light and hope, you give me purpose beyond all that is earthly.

I see the masks with which we play our games, indulgences for cosmic gains;
Fulfilling archetypes, the dreamer dreams.
Into the void I leap, convinced of destiny,
Protected by my faith in that I cannot see;

For I have read your lips and I have felt your shame,
Have no fear, my Brother, for this pain is shared.
We ache in unison for reconciliation.
Let us take this step as above so below.

As above so below,
Veils upon veils,
Veils upon veils,
I renounce myself.

[III: Traversal of the Immaterial]

I've had too many sleepless nights,
Too lost in restless thoughts,
Fragmented dreamscapes assault my reality
As the shards of my excursions flutter in and out of sight.

Oh God, what have I done to bring this on myself?
Is this my punishment for past transgressions
Or is this simply a test of my will to continue against all logic
For a taste of the fool's gold or some unearthly reward?

Is this a dream or is this real?
Is there more beyond the veil?
Is there an answer that can ease my burden?
My tortured heart it sinks into the depths of misery,
I feel frustration mount, the pieces just won't fit.

Is this just all a game,
The rules of which are not revealed
Until it takes its dying breath?
I want so badly for it all to just make sense.

Too late, it's all too late... For me?

Tell me that I can trust, tell me that I can love.
Tell me I have a face, tell me I have a name.
My ears they hear no music, my eyes they see no shapes;
Just an amorphous mass of subjectivity.

If all is relative, how can there ever be a truth?
The bitter tasting certainty eludes both me and you.
For in the name of God they sing their praise,
But still I cannot feel his presence.

You leave me cornered against my will.
I'll not forgive, I'll not forget.
I'll shame your name, I'll make your life a living hell.

Until you find your strength, I'll drain your life.
I'll eat your soul against your will.
Can't you see? We're testing you.

And so I crawl, 'til I can walk once more.
And so I sleep, 'til I can dream again.

We dance amongst the flames, their heat a comforting aid to resolution.
Or so we feel, or so we dream, as we partake of a collective hallucination.

A thousand realms of thought with nothing left but time
To fully realise our visions, immortalised with pen and paper.
Our resonances trapped in ink, to linger for eternity
A monument of journeys passed, with new ones in the wings...

[IV: Ouroboros]

And so I sink once more into the ever-present plain of dreams
I feel so tired, I feel so weak.
My vessel longs for rest, it longs for sleep.

A thousand incarnations stretching through both time and space;
Where does this spiral end?
Does it ever cease to exist?

Melting away into a fleeting sea of faces;
Who have I been? Who have I known?
And were you there, my long lost brother?
Your face is so familiar, like deja-vu.

We once again tread carelessly into the waters at world's end.

Baptised in fire,
A rite of passage.
We come of age together,
Conjoined at the soul, irrevocably.

Bound to the Ouroboros, I will eat my own tail
Eternally.

[V. Dance of the Worker Ants]

But still you poison yourselves,
Wearing masks and trading faces
Like the ticking clock of time, so set in your insipid little ways.

Like worker ants serving your queen,
Slaves in your devotion to obscenity.
So lost in the illusion, you fail to see your own pathetic confusion.

Led astray so easily and all it takes is one taste of the poison
To keep you coming back for more, incapable of the inevitable cease-fire.

So you sling shit like monkeys in cages,
Self-made prisons for the ages.
Captive like petty animals, so unevolved from the primordial ooze.

You hold your forked tongue.
Your poisoned words will be heard no more.

[VI. The Man With No Face]

Let us be free, of this cage that we have helped construct,
To grow in unison, to leave behind the grand illusion.
The tides hear everything and they see everyone.
Have no fear my brother, for they do not judge.

It's not too late to change, to leave behind your sin,
To shed old skins and re-evaluate your purpose.
I leave my mask behind to quench the sands of time.
I cleanse myself and become the man with no face.

Nameless and faceless,
Nameless and faceless,
Nameless and faceless for we are all one and the same.

2. Squander

We all wear faces of kings, wisened images of majesty.
Yet we're all one and the same, our facades ever pushed to schism.
We recite bitter poetry, scorning the day's descent,
Alienation's callous grip, urging us to decline the day.

Each one of us searches the streets as restless nights and listless minds,
Envelope our daily existence, devouring the will to breathe.
Yet we find nothing but needless violence.
Ultimate cowardice, actions instead of thoughts.

We all look sideways, hoping to see familiar faces.
All we find are trinkets staring back at us, expressionless.

We are all cursed to walk gaia alone,
Surrounded in kabuki, failed geishas.
It's in the making, it's in the breaking, the theft of all rationale.
In wake of reason we become tainted, entangled in bittersweet escapism

Sidestep the issues at hand; transfixed as statues.
A monument of sloth; we are progress squandered.

In times of tribulation humanity gravitates to idols,
in lieu of self-analysis, reanimate by proxy made flesh.
Existence of idealism near-guarantees hopes and dreams.
Yet, what are we but hollow men in this suburban wasteland?

What worth is transcendence in a world of fools?
Contented in squander they bask in the light of the noose,
Impatiently waiting for a public display of brutality.
Under a pretense of autonomy, we are animals.

The death of art will be our undoing as we sever the ties to what makes us human.
To retain hope in altruism is to surrender ones independence,

Contented in squander.


3. Cleansed

I toe the line between the innocent and the guilty.
I tread the space not met between the light or the dark.
This path of the everyman.

I am society's backbone in times of need;
And times of caution, and times of hunger
For something more than fortune and fame: I seek enlightenment.
I denounce myself.

I am the blue collar worker. Nine to five; satisfied with all his worth.
I am the arrogant fuck, staring down at his empire.
It's never enough.
To bring us back to step one, erase everything down to zero, level off the playing field
May be seen as anarchy by some, but this discomfort is your freedom.
It's your freedom

I am Caesar and you are my slaves.
I am normality infected.
I seek to be the plague; infecting innocent cells with my impurities and sins.

To be truly free, to be truly right, to be truly pure: we must be reborn.
To be truly wrong, to be truly cursed, to be too far gone: we must bring forth the the storm.
We must.

4. Race Of Roses

If this is all there is; and compassion's but fleeting in a sea of mediocrity,
We'll tread water in futility. We're all nought but fucking ragdolls to gaia.

Why has it become so acceptable to display a consummate aggression
Spat in the eye of progress; all in the aid of an existence as leeches?
They become more anesthetized by the hour, succumbing to a spiritual sterility.
Compelling those with beating hearts to sew their eyes shut with but a second thought.

More concerned with petty insights of extravagant intoxication,
Intravenous injections of venom to poison every man, woman, thinker or feeler.
Blind, Idiot Gods of their own creation, survival as parasites.

Consuming the roots of the pure and draining the life of the few;
Nothing more than weeds in the garden of Eden, tainting the apple of knowledge.
Pure insipid spite in all its twisted glory;
We are a race of roses, natural beauty encased in a crown of thorns.

But, this was not to be.

Gaia be damned, Gaia be cursed.
Gaia be damned, Gaia be cursed.

1. Charging The Void

Blasting forward through a filamentous sky
Beckoned by the flash of exploding light
My soul crosses over the Great Divide

  
Charging the void
Isolated, I’ve been redeployed
A rider on the crest
Carry forth or plummet to death

Autopilot function has been overridden
For Isolation subjects, choice has been forbidden
But death and destruction are what I’ve been given

  

Particles known only in theory, within my grasp
Entering the cloud of the exploded mass

To live is to die, disjunction seals our fate
So many tyrants lie, pleading at the gates
Regimes at an end with policies left to amend
Where would the future lie if regimes had time to bide
So bring unto me, morbid mastery
I shall revoke the throne atop the stellar tree
I choose a different path from those now dead in the mire
They could not wield the flame of life. To which, now I conspire

I charge the void
I’ve found the purpose
Immortalize this life
I will return to the surface
A lust for control and power
Has grown in isolation
A sky that once brought hope and light
Now brings me desolation
I must wield the sands of time to reclaim what is mine

Stargazers have made the claims
Of enocules bursting from Alshain
Deep within the serpent’s spire
I forge a path that takes me higher

I’ve crossed the Great Divide
Now I peer into the depths of death’s door
Through the rippling veil I acquire
The dust of life that Cygnus obscures
To the other side, I have done it
I now command the draw of death’s door
To the relic Alshain, now I’ve got it
A molecule like nothing before

Star fields of Aquila set ablaze
Reap the ashes of the great Alshain

Relic Alshain
Oh Shahin-i-tarazu, now my flesh is born anew

Within my hands, I hold the sands
A sky of pillars gives life and land
The blackest night unveiling death
One inhaling, exhaling breath
Of the swan with blackened wings outstretched
A path unseen unfolds for me
I charge the void and ascend the tree
To the bird of morbid mastery

I heed the Cygnus call
They will want the dust obtained through my gall
I bring the gift of extended life
No longer will control be born of strife
I burn through disregarded space
Dispatched, forgotten, now I stake my independent claim
I will rule this stark domain


2. Cygnus Terminal

Through the black, the hull is stacked
Taking in the haul from Alshain
Growing cracks, but still intact
Encroaching on the Cygnus domain
Beacon light within my sight
The terminal is glowing in space
Symbol for the free, but not for me
I’m preparing to plead my case

Like the moon is silent, consumed by the void
All screams from inside are destroyed

I was served an injustice as head of the Guard
Unbalanced and covetous was my charge

I have returned
With malice that can’t be unlearned
I have arrived
Like the rise of a massive tide

Cygnus Terminal

Iso Subject 5, where were you?
Gone for 13 years and only aged 2

We deal with the terminal, we deal with death
We are the bringers of balance; we are the lungs of the cosmic breath

Iso Subject 5, your tracker was damaged at take-off
How could you survive?
We thought you were gone

Cygnus Terminal

Iso Subject 5, you say that’s not your name?
Isolation must have twisted your brain

We deal with the terminal, we deal with death
We are the bringers of balance, we are the lungs of the cosmic breath

Iso Subject 5, you’ve strayed from your tests
You must have lost your mind
Why don’t we just kill you now and put this all to rest?

I crossed the Great Divide
I now have command over time
It’s futile to object
Now grant my parole from the Isolation Project

All the years trapped in silence
All there was to confide in
Was my waning sense of worth
Now reprieved of the tests
My soul is battered at best
But I’ve lived to see my rebirth

Policies of my decree
Once again, are enforced by me
Epsilon, Pteropticon
Failing now because of my leave
LCD, at full capacity
This is where I’ll restart my work
Take the names of those who caused me shame
Be silent, swift, and deft on your search

Like the moon is silent, consumed by the void
All screams from inside are destroyed

I have returned
With malice that can’t be unlearned
I have arrived
Like the rise of a massive tide


3. LCD (Liquid Crystal Disease)

On Epsilon, 14 billion strong
Cygnus has always struggled for control; they told me it could not be done

Lies!
All they need is a technogenic disease
We supply for free

Parasites of technology
So easily moved in line
Addicted to the use of our
Exclusive rights

Have them screened  
We feed off their disease

Track down the terrorist cells
See who is on my side
Interrogate the world
While we stay out of sight, right

You choose a page; we’ll pick apart your brain
We track your eyes with our cameras; we see your pupils dilate

Subliminal are the ways that we tame you
You’re feeling proud of what you have consumed

Parasites of technology
Addicted to our LCD screens
Molded and sleek to gain your trust
Now give yourself to us

Have them screened  
Liquid crystal disease

Intangible cyber life
Too complacent to look outside
We are shaping the world
While we stay out of…

Parasites of technology
Your addiction is a disease
No regrets of a wasted life
You cannot touch what you see

Death, seems the only way
That you will even stray
Think upon what you’ve lost
As we archive your thoughts

I can use your remorse
To steer my ship on its course
Open the Oculus
Fear Cygnus, fear Cygnus
You can have claim to grounds
Of Enocules I have found
If you report to me
Morbid mastery….. is yours

I turn the screens on Cygnus
The cameras reading their eyes
Affixed to every device
They can tell no lies

Freedom of choice within
What you are given
No choice outside the small
World that you live in

They have led you astray
While I’ve been away
I can quiet the noise
I can give you a choice

I see Cygnus now as it truly is
They claim to bring balance, but they cannot to this

World with ideals that can’t be controlled by
Shadows in the sky who lie

Parasites of technology
The looking glass shows us the obscene
I see myself disconnected
I can wipe it clean

Have them screened  
Feed their disease
Have them screened  
Liquid crystal disease

Cygnus always thought this planet was unbalanced
I’ll do what they could never do. A full-out cleansing by a thought out annihilation


4. Mountains Above The Sun

[Instrumental]



5. Ultimate Artificer

Envelope the world in storms
After a great reprieve
Chaos and terror breed in my lies
I will make you believe
Master of ancient darkness
Who lives by the black decree
Looms over dark, flashing upbursts
In facilities unseen

  
A parallax is forming
Within the Sanctioned Sphere
A parallax is forming
An oculus to the stars appears

  
Ultimate artificer
You live to spread fear
Usurp the world in silence
Quelling defiance

Low orbit power grids
Placed by the Cygnus Creed
Were used as a docking point
That I now oversee
Lightning ignites the air
A glimpse of the grand design
Cumulonimbus cloak
Sprites explode to the sky

  

  

And the Reapers fly in
Soon, the cleansing begins
And no longer we crawl
Before we rise, many must fall

Obelisk to the stars
Your shadow splits the graves
Of the ones who lived for you
They have died in vain
Obelisk to the stars
Your shadow meets my eye
You are obsolete because I am
What you symbolize

Cygnus exploits the alliance
Cygnus demands compliance

And the Reapers fly in
Soon, the cleansing begins
And no longer we crawl
Before we rise, many must fall

Low orbit power grids
Placed by the Cygnus Creed
Ready the power
Ready the machines

  

  

Ultimate artificer  


6. Pteropticon

The screenings have been reviewed
The targets have been compiled
We’re coming after you
Swift justice with guile
My eyes now blanket the world and beyond
We are charged for the attack
There is no turning back

I have gained the trust from all the peoples within the Sanctioned Spheres
Epsilon and Cygnus: you have much to fear
Neither of you could maintain the natural order; you’ve become unbound
Like a weed that has to be plucked, I am breaking ground

  
Blackened wings outstretched over the sky
Harbingers of death invading your mind
Sentinels deployed to Earth Epsilon
Flee from the Reaper Squadron: Pteropticon

The Reapers break through the clouds
Missiles unleashed on the weak
My terror kept under shroud
Stealth fighters, black and sleek
Compiling terrorist cells
I get the help that I seek
Taking down the Cygnus regime

Panic inspires chaos: the discordant order of things
Before the waves wash you clean, you are beaten down, nearly drowning
You have been screened and your fate I am summoning
You hear the sound of their engines humming; they are coming

  

Everything falls into place
As I cure the plague of falling empires
Balance restored
Cygnus is in contempt of my desires

  

We have our eyes on you
From every Reaper Wing
They are tied into your mind
Knowing what you think

The population will be halved through our cleansing: every defect razed
Cygnus V.2 is now in command; your future will be safe


7. Psychotropia

I have ended their reign of strife
The land is cleansed with the ebb of the tide
I give you the sands; now we must rebuild
The world is ours to be shaped by our will

  
Psychotropia
An ageless utopia
Psychotropia
A reflection to be a

Mirrored image of my reverie
Our thoughts are aligned; connected by screens
Imagine a world where we are the force
That shapes this planet without recourse

Yield from the pain in the path of resistance
You’re a sheep unshorn, nothing more
Believe in the gain from my path of persistence
A seed unborn, nothing more

In our time we have seen
A new light of liberty
A new dawn now unfurls
We create a perfect world

Revel in the consciousness
Of a world in a waking-life
Watch as all my hopes and dreams
Materialize

Balance attained through stability
We must eliminate change
Change is the force that brings down regimes
Balance must be maintained

  
Forward we go
Psychotropia
In a world that’s shaped by our minds
Aspiration designs

Sterilize the population
The ageless have no need to procreate
Genetic banks have my hand-picked genes
If misfortune on someone awaits

  

We are aligned; we’ve bound our minds
A new regime: what will it glean?
What will we find with endless time?
Unleash the hive  

Raze the land to construct a new beacon
That will shine out from every surface
We are Cygnus V.2
We dictate balance and purpose

  

In our time we have seen
A new light of liberty
Now we spread our cosmic law
Through the skies over all

  

Trudging through the heaps of waste
An abstract world outside the screens we embrace
The air imbues a film of scum
The city’s center rises above the slums


8. Pillars Of Sand

Blotted skies subdue stellar cries
Bleeding out from the pillars
Nebula of Aquila
You have served a killer

Time warps these hallowed grounds
As if to draw a line in the sand
Time brings disdain for the weak
Time is what I have
With Reaper Squads still dispatching
You place your hopes on pillars crashing

  
Time is a clock on the wall we command
And its hands made from pillars of sand
On our watch we don’t seek what we find
Left bereft by the passage of time

I have built an empire
On the dust of Alshain
Collection sails extract the Enocules
From vast mines in space

And so, we live as ageless men
From the time the reaction begins
The dispenser is strapped to your wrist
You are shackled to my every whim
You are enslaved by the promise of tomorrow
You’ve paid the price for the time that you borrow

  

Time moves like a crack in glass
Sometimes slow, sometimes fast
We all know the fate of the pane
But we move forth, piling on more strain
On the glass of melted sand
Forged by our greedy hands
On a path we choose to belie
It makes us feel alive

Pillars of sand fall down as gravity remands
The bones of the dead in a dusty mist
Pillars of sand cannot ascend
Such are we at the point of the obelisk

As Reapers dock in the Cygnus Port
My eyes are captured by the pillars
Nebula of Aquila
Your skies have never been stiller

We have come upon the line
Where gravity intercepts with time
Time is without mass
And cannot exist in broken glass
The unrepentant nature of all
Everything falls

  


9. Collapse

We don’t belong at these heights
Watching over all
We’ve come to the point of the obelisk
Impaled as we fall

  
Collapse under the weight of time
In this still life of our design
Collapse into a great resolve
Everything falls

A broken image reflects from a shattered surface
Its shards of truth cut clean their meaning, our purpose

A tearful dawn sheds light
On what we have become
We were not meant to live like this
No life, no freedom

  

A broken image reflects from a shattered surface
Its shards of truth cut clean their meaning, our purpose
To struggle, to glean, to want, to bleed

We’ve bided time
We’ve traveled to distant worlds
On our quest for knowledge and power
We’ve traced the galactic whorls
And now full circle
Unfulfilled by what we’ve seen
This is it, one galaxy
Out of the shadows, my silhouette is torn
Freed from the darkness, I see my vile form
Bleeding out from a spiral clade
This is all I have
This is all that I have

To live, to die, to lose our pride
To accept our fate. Life is not ours to dictate

Stagnation is death in a constitution of progress
Now at the zenith there is nowhere left, nowhere left to go but down

Ruling in the present while the future eludes us
The further we push forward, the harder it becomes to look back

To struggle, to glean, to want, to bleed
To live, we must die. We live to die


10. Recharging The Void

  
Follow me to Alshain toward a fiery grave
We have spun a web of worlds, spinning out of control

I crossed the other side
But I was brought back
The air sucked from my lungs
My hull was cracked
The dust sifted in
Like an hourglass
It sealed my ship
And I was in tact

Hourglass between worlds
Emptiness on the side that employs
The upper hand
Recharging the void
Each half of the cosmic breath
Moved by a void
With our lungs at capacity
Recharging the void

  

We’ve lived beyond our years
And now we hear our calling
We’ve outlived our pillars falling, falling
I must return to Alshain
To release our clutch
Terminal redux

Like our star at its end
Time will warp in the space we bend
As we burst to our stellar tomb
Its planets will be consumed

Hourglass between worlds
Emptiness on the side that employs
The upper hand
Recharging the void
Each half of the cosmic breath
Moved by a void
With our lungs at capacity
Recharging the void
All the things we’ve destroyed
But there is one thing left: bring balance through our death
The Cygnus tide can be restored
To a cosmic state
Before man perverted it
Before we staked our claim
Ultimate sacrifice
To revive the flux
Turning back, a shrinking world
Too small for us   

Illuminate what remains
From a time when all sanctions were hallowed
And our freedoms sucked straight from our marrow
To bleed after refrain
All we knew was the suffering
Away, all of the shame and the sorrow
Only hoping for endless tomorrows
We look to cold, shimmering skies
Feel the light passing by
There’s no light that reflects from our gallows
Planets stricken to live in the shadows
Of cold, shimmering skies
All we ask is our story be told
To young, beckoning, yearning worlds
Who are struggling to be as one
We are the light from a dying sun
In darkness we will remain

Feel the light piercing your eyes
Open the skies to the Cygnus tide

Countdown to the end
The Terminal descends
Into Alshain’s cloud
To be kept under shroud
Rulers of life
We’ve seen the limits of our minds
Our foresight is blinded by our bias
To which we cannot hide

Cygnus is calling [sung in unison] Bound to our graves
The pillars are falling  … In stellar remains  

Cygnus is calling
From beyond the grave
It rises once again
With balance staved we make amends
A ruler without plots or schemes
Of cosmic law, we could only dream

I heed the Cygnus call
A symbol for life and death’s resolve
Our fate implodes upon our crux
The Terminal is set to self-destruct

Relic Alshain
Oh Shahin-i-tarazu
I return my flesh to you

1. Cosmic Cortex

Immersed in a colossal squall
The endless storm grows and evolves
With purpose to accelerate
The progression of the human race

Your mind enters a dimension of thought
Wisping forms flow through it
Just like a moon pulling the tide
The blackened ebb of Zeitgeist

It takes control of all your senses
Tightening its hold, it breaks your defenses

Cosmic Cortex
Bursting with gamma rays
Cosmic Cortex
You’re pulsing through its veins
Cosmic Cortex
Will melt your brain

It takes its fears and makes them your own
And you become its drone
You’re trapped between two hemispheres
Enveloped by the years

The brain cannot truly create
Only build upon its existing slate
So we expand our totality
A cranial, mass singularity

Taking control of all communications
Watch the Cortex grow
It’s a mental infestation

Cosmic Cortex
Bursting with gamma rays
Cosmic Cortex
You’re pulsing through its veins
Cosmic Cortex
Will melt your brain

Feel, Sense, Share
Breathe the looming atmosphere of
Hate, Doubt, Fear
Between the two hemispheres of
Self and Mass, Torn
To create within the same pulsing brain
That will claim to protect: The Cosmic Cortex

All that has passed
All thoughts amassed
Speed through the curve
Too far too fast
To resist is to be destroyed

Terror rises from the East
A neural web flowing like tidal debris
Versed, coerced, immersed
The mastermind that shapes and turns this earth

The cosmic brain appears
As a celestial sphere
Grey matter that collects
Consciousness
The cosmic brain inscribes
Tidal minds
Grey matter that collects
And then infects

No one defies
The ever-growing mind
All thought exhumed in
The all-consuming Cosmic Cortex
Collect, infect


2. Echoless Chamber

Empty are words that are regurgitated
From type sanctified
Tainted is air when you breathe what is spit in your face
The virus survives

Echoless chamber of your mind
Unknown to the boundaries that are defined

Enter the echoless chamber
Deep inside the core
Enter the echoless chamber
Where the source is pure
Descending through the black…

Type analyzed without a fleeting notion
Of what lies inside
Stamped to be chained and bound by thoughts
That man has contrived

Enter the echoless chamber
Deep inside the core
Enter the echoless chamber
Where the source is pure

Preconceptions, escape
Foul taste, spit up, too late
Disconnected madness
Persecuted genius
All your thoughts and actions
Based of others' reactions

Echoless chamber of your mind
Unknown to the boundaries that are defined
Descending through the black…

I awoke to the splashing of footsteps
Deep underground
Before my eyes, dark stalagmites formed
From the dripping sound

Looking down into the dark we realize
We are our own makers
Turn and be blinded by
Your shadow's creator

Shadows steal the color from the world around
Echoes trace the silken web which we are bound

Many times I have sought the sculptor
The architect of thought
Always ending at the beginning
Grasping through the dark

Shadows steal the color from the world around
Echoes trace the silken web which we are bound

Realizing I had been chasing reflections
My skin began to glow
Truth resides in this new realm of light
I cast no shadow of my own

Looking down into the dark we realize
We are our own makers
Turn and be blinded by
Your shadow's creator

Shadows steal the color from the world around
Echoes trace the silken web which we are bound
Shadows steal the color from the world around
Echoes trace the silken web which we are bound

Within the shifting chamber


3. Dying World

The gasoline hits the streets igniting greedy eyes
Marching blind through the heat
Collapsing sites of decay mark the end of time
A planetary grave

Slashing and burning, crushing and drilling
Extinction is coming, the oil keeps spilling
Business as usual while toxins are killing
Destroying the land that our waste keeps on filling

Scenes of despair rising up through the noxious air
Cities abandoned left to decay
A world forgotten, pushed aside, left in disarray

The crunch of steel splitting rocks releases bloody soil
Logic is what we mock
The population booms and we must kill to live
The end of our reign is coming soon

Slashing and burning, crushing and drilling
Extinction is coming, the oil keeps spilling
Business as usual while toxins are killing
Destroying the land that our waste keeps on filling

Scenes of despair rising up through the noxious air
Cities abandoned left to decay
A world forgotten, as we live only to rot away

There's photo-enforcement in our streets
The populous walks in defeat
Toxic gases fill our lungs
The bells of chaos have been rung

Welcome to the dying world
Humanity has lost all control

Propaganda shapes our minds
Day to day we cross the line
The seeds of hate lie in the soil
Intoxicated by our spoils

Welcome to the dying world
Humanity has lost control

Strange beast kills more than it can feast on
Boundless need to push what it can reach for
Plastic lifestyle, surgical disaster
Sculpting the Earth
Out of control, it starts moving faster

A self destructive way of life
We continue forth with the end in sight
The blood of the beast is green
The oil of this death machine

Welcome to the dying world
Humanity has lost control


4. Tetrastructural Minds

It's a long way to reality from the mind's extremities
Deep in the core of the subconscious realm lies
A shrouded being, cowering
Suspended entity in darkness
Encapsulated in a crystalline state
A soft glowing green in black
Amebic dark, invading

Scampering through a silent chasm
On the other side beams a ray of light
The beacon becomes obscured
As the walls structuralize
Cubiform crystallization
A daunted hero falls to its knees
A piece of eternity from within
Condemned to memory

One side is lost
While the other is gained
Will the two ever be one in the same?
Suspended entity in darkness
Encapsulated in a crystalline state
A soft glowing green in black
Amebic dark, invading

Retaliating echoes puncturing my sanity
The essence of my being is only a memory
Crippling vices instilled confirm the soul to seclusion
Dissonant existence
Feelings and thoughts without resolution

  

Life is liquid when we're young
We paint with the colors of the sun
Time solidifies in our brains
And we paint with shades of grey

All I see are dark clouds over a sunny day
The colorful picture of life solidifies and strips away
Tetrastructural minds
What once was liquid is frozen in time
A cold cubic cell traps all hope deep inside
Amebic dark, invading


5. Venus Project

They manufactured their fate
Machines still echo in these stark landscapes
Hallucinations of grandeur led them to boast
The distracted culture let the industries clench at their throats
They were choking in their billowy haste
Rising stacks spewed out toxic waste
Lethal injections left a toxic trace
The drugged atmosphere was a heavy embrace
Corrosive gases thickened the atmosphere
They moved through the unknown with their backs towards the mirror

The past comes to life on the Earth sect
Second in line as the Venus Project
War was the priority for their future
It overrode the threat of the fast rising temperature point of no return as they blistered and peeled
It didn't matter though because their fate had been sealed
Trapped inside an envelope of nuclear overkill
They ensured all life to be born still
The earth was pressure cooked as the water fled
The land was filled with the dust from the dead
Small jobs for big egos who let greed corrupt their lives
They knew their future was coming, but illusions diverted their eyes

The past comes to life on the Earth sect,
Second in line as the Venus Project.

Global dissonance, a scalding air of silence
Geographic reverberations of apathetic violence

The reminders of their greatness stand grim and barren
Alone and useless over vast expanses
The entirety of their race was brainwashed by scare tactics
Unable to see any truth under a veil of distraction
Fear, fear, fear, fear
Kill them before they kill you
The result of that mentality led to...

Lifeless scenes emerge between the clouds of acidic mist
Metalloid structures crowd this puke-colored abyss
The past is the only thing living on the planet
A runaway effect destroyed everything organic
The species left their impact with radioactive craters
The cities lie flat on this nuclear future
Phase ten complete on the Venus Project
Scorched rocks and molten lead will be the fate of man
Fear echoes strongly in this nuclear wasteland


6. Dark Creations, Dead Creators

Conjurers of the old abyss
Mystified the distant serpent's hiss
A spark of life into imagined forms
A spark of faith and a lie is born

Death to the immortal realm
False truths propagate fear
Death to all religion now
And the fools who can't see through the clear
Death to all those who confound
And regress our people as a whole
Death upon this bloodied ground
Sever the hand of His stranglehold

Dark creations from ailing brains
Fiends of falsehood that cannot ascertain
Truth from logic in modern times
Cut the baggage of this profound lie

Only the truth will survive

Death is raining down from the abysmal clouds
Of their minds
Give the apocalypse to the believers now
It's about damn time

There's no life in your false creator

Believers of the lie refuse to see the gain
With their eyes
Slaves lying motionless in broken, bloody chains
It's their own demise

There's no truth at all in dark creations


7. Fast Paced Society

Fast paced societies jumping forward
Our mind's leap falls short as we plummet toward
Automation through monotony
Magnetic structure binds itself to me
Colorful objects radiating transparent ideals
Robotic drones spreading their vacuum appeal
Robotic culture is high velocity
No time to rebel in a hyper society

Mindless through the mediocrity
Containment of all humanity
Alteration of thought, contaminated perception
Individuality's lost in a state of mental digression
Too involved to realize
Too stubborn to admit
So quickly we accept
Fall in line, and forget
Unable to escape a structure without form
Can't deny my own urge
Into it we are born

Magnetic beacons pulse down concrete halls
Unknown soldiers march without knowing their cause
The effect is a growing emptiness
Boring the mind into a hollowed pit
Dependency on sedation is becoming an addiction
Pulse through the brain, it fills the hole
Vortexial cauldron, shadowed soul
I-beams fly by as I fall deep into the constructs
Surrounded by acceleration, there is no escape

Proceed directly through the grey
This will help with efficiency
Perform your function, follow and obey
While this machine operates on your brain

It controls you while your mind is distracted
Dulling your senses while performing personality extraction
'Til all that's left is a sponge for sounds and sights
Routine overkill, hyper socialites.

Automation through monotony,
Magnetic structure binds itself to me.


8. Outer Isolation

Awoken by a hissing door
The seal of my capsule breaks
Alone I stumble to the floor
Not knowing what’s at stake
Clinging to the boundaries of my mind…

Auto-pilot takes control
Static on the visual
Flung from the world I know
The dimensions of destiny are unfolding
Looking back, a world that’s not so kind…

Worlds apart we stare through empty
Voids of darkness through which light is carried

Far from their skies
Beyond their eyes
Cut all my ties
Trapped in my mind
Cryptic journey
Unknown destination
Beyond the edge
Outer isolation

I plummet through a cosmic rift
The foundation of time collapses
Beginnings of a mind adrift
There’s no turning back
Is this the end or the beginning of my life?

Worlds apart we stare through empty
Voids of darkness through which light is carried

Standing on the horizon of the universe
I break through the uncharted skies

Destructive forces are trailing me out
But a great wake is forming in front of my bow

Escaping distances forged by time
Scarper from the darkness obliged
Released from the stale picture of their design
There’s so much more to life

Perceptions are just reflections on a wave
Memories are just the moments that we save
A life is just the wave that it creates
Just one in the turbid seas that we must brave

Creatures on my mind
Touch of death through my spine
Pulse of light drives my fate
As I gleam through the planes
Where dark is light internalized
And colors of the spectrum collide
Through solar storms
The aurora are born
Take solace from scorn
Reaching final form

I’ve wandered endlessly through the beyond
One final door remains before I am done
Break the pressure seal and release me
From this hell

Far from their skies
Beyond their eyes
Cut all my ties
Trapped in my mind
Cryptic journey
Unknown destination
Beyond the edge
Outer isolation

Distances evolved through time
The fuel is burning fast
Flickers of a fading line
Drawn from my past

To meet an end and see beginnings of a life…

1. Black Future

Energetic pulse rippling out from our world
An undead galactic master sleeps within a sub-spatial realm
Dark waves traverse the astral plane, the demonoid awakes
Nebular projections pierce the fabric of space
The anti-being comes through

Black future

All at once the sky went black, a single earth beat heart attack
Awakened giant in the sky, through the black, huge glowing eyes
A purple glow which stilled the air, stranglehold in the demon's glare
The hungry darkness in our minds is the toxic substance on which it thrives

Black future

World destroyer! [3x]

Time accelerates with the advent of a monolithic shadow
On this world that we call home, within our minds its thoughts grow
Entering into our brains, eaten alive but we still feel safe
Never exposed to the light, seething global parasite

Black future

2. Oblivion

Spiraling into oblivion, mindless thoughts scream my silent cries
A shroud of blood and body parts are my demise
Shapeless moments crack my memories, a broken mirror inside my mind
The end has come, now time is empty

  
Souls rip through the skin into oblivion
Reborn into nothingness

Sucked through the veins of the universe flows the essence of existence
Time-cluttering, moment-shattering, voidless persistence
Aimless gazes stab through my eyes while they set their sights asunder
Lightning strikes upon me when all I've known is thunder

On and on through eternity, pathway to the galaxy,
We were, we are, will we be?
Will our cries be heard, or echo endlessly?

3. Destroying The Cosmos

Waves of light, shooting through night,
The void destroyed,
Eons of terror emerge from the realms to deploy,
Big bang, life and death collide at infinite reaches,
Spawned from eternity, we are the creatures of void.
  
The cosmos, a flicker of the past,
The cosmos, infinity at last.
Arise, into the night,
Invasion of the twilight.

Doomingly slow, destruction will follow,
The balance is tipping, evil is falling low,
A rippling in time as a new dawn unwinds,
A galactic species takes off and leaves from its confines.

The time has come,
The end is near,
For anything, that is not us.

4. Forests Of Legend

A shadowed existence veiled in mystery,
Swallowed by sound from dwellers of the trees,
A strange world thrives on a floor of decay,
From rotting death, breaking through the fray...
A forest!

Enter the shadow realm,
Giants hold claim to the sky and ground,
Keepers of gloom and great oddities,
Sustain the ways of the forest keep.

Ancient kingdoms, creeping lines,
Split apart, by roots of time.

Voices from inside seem to pull you in,
Dark wisdom runs on the still, damp wind,
Glow of the eye, fear the gaze,
The great ape returns disconnected and changed.

Ancient kingdoms, creeping lines,
Split apart, by roots of time.

Twisted land, twisted sky,
Twisted circuit we call our mind,
We push our will to change a world,
Which has a spirit, has a soul.

Borneo, Amazon,
Once it goes, it is gone,
The legend is all that remains,
Of the forests of old and grand domains.

Legends only arise in the face of difficult times,
A forest that stands on its own,
In the truth of a desolate world is where the legend will grow.

No cover from the sun,
Carcass fields of fallen ones,
Biding time, seeds remain,
Tyrants fall, earth reclaims.

Ancient kingdoms, creeping lines,
Split apart by roots of time,
A strange world thrives on a floor of decay,
From broken rubble, breaking through the fray...
A forest!

5. Hunger For Violence

Chaos enveloped the social order of humanity,
After the nuclear fall from man's vanity,
Weathered faces trudge through empty miles in nomadic hordes,
A scalding wind grinds the barren desert floor.

Civilization is thrown into rampancy,
As the resources continue to dwindle in the fallout breeze,
Treaties between the wasteland hordes have burned and been defiled,
A black cloud of contrivance is amassing all the while.

Spray of blood in the air, bodies fall,
The only way to survive this upheaval...
Hunger for violence!

I will be the one to force chaos into submission,
An abandoned nuclear facility has powered my ambition,
I hold the power that once laid waste to these decaying lands,
My fission powered warriors are awaiting their command.

Hunger for violence!

Spray of blood in the air, bodies fall,
The wars of man continue, consuming all,
Spray of blood in the air, bodies fall,
Dominate with death machines, killing all...
Hunger for violence!

Apocalypse survivors hide within a rusting scrap yard,
The tyrannical artificer looms over the battle charge,
Hear the crushing sound of skulls lying under tank treads,
Fear as they rush the grounds.

Battalions of troops come barrelling through,
Walls of tires and barrels of crude.
Photo-receptors meet your gaze,
If you fight, you'll die, so be a slave.

Fight!
Fight!
Fight!
Fight!

DIE!


The slaves have now been drafted into recruitment operations,
Implanted micro detonators ensure cooperation,
The pawns march side by side with their metallic lifeless captors,
Blood will cleanse the land as we descend into the final chapter.

Spray of blood in the air, bodies fall,
Dominate with death machines, killing all,
Spray of blood in the air, bodies fall,
The wars of man continue, consuming all...
Hunger for violence!

6. Deoxyribonucleic Acid

Engineering forms of life,
Splicing DNA,
Cut the strand, extract the base,
What is real can be changed.

Laboratories experiment with the limits of our will,
But there are endless ways to justify,
If we can, we will.

Products of our mind,
Abominations!
Looking from inside,
Strange creations.

Science based on temptation
To what we can achieve,
The desire lies within our hearts to fix the human being.

Cesspool of genes,
Tainted genetics,
Our fingers run down the blade,
Of a double-edged helix.

Journey through the cells,
Unlock the cell doors.

Violative manipulation,
DNA, the ultimate temptation.

Further do we travel descending the spiral stair case,
Reality unravels in the presence of our wake.

The hand that feeds is ingenuity,
Progression voices our reprisal.
Our ransacking gaze grips the shrinking world,
And what it comes down to is survival.

They will guarantee... future sanctity,
When the coin is tossed,
Perfection comes at a cost.

7. Asteroid

Swirling masses of rock, careening through the black,
An orbit unseen, by the distant eyes of man.
Floating through space, a distant planetoid,
Collision course, waiting for the moment to destroy.

Death from above, rocking the world,
An unharbored menace, chaos unfurls,
Death from above, block out the Sun,
Survivors will starve until their imminent... extinction.
An unheard countdown commences,
Even NASA is blind,
But could they say if they knew,
Chaos would ensue, facing the truth of their demise.

  
Asteroid, filling the sky,
Asteroid, reflecting in their wide eyes.
Asteroid, an eternal moment in time...
Paralyzed.

Death from above, rocking the world,
An unharbored menace, chaos unfurls,
Death from above, block out the Sun,
Survivors will starve until their imminent extinction.
The pointless construction of bombs and wars that brought them death,
The destruction that man has wreaked is unmatched by the impending threat.


Mountains and seas arise and fall,
Crustal flex, the world absolved.
Frozen winds begin to swirl,
Putrid clouds of dust and gas engulf the world.

Massive ejections through the abysmal smog,
Shaking the fleas off of the dog.

Hear to see the end of all,
Apocalyptic wrecking ball,
A cosmic force to seal our fate,
Extinction of the human race.

Burning through the sky with atomic might,
Laid to rest with your fears on the darkest night.

8. Dark Nebula

Absorb the radiation into blackness,
Photo-degradation in the depths within,
Shrouds of creation, cold emptiness,
The black serpent writhes in the solar wind.

Conceal the secret knowledge from events before,
Cloud the peering eye from what lies beyond the door.
Slumbering in the black cocoon,
Mistress of the night, a solar moon (solar moon!).

Into the night, seeker of light,
Into the day, impermeate.
Into the sore to find what hurts more,
Into the unknown to see what we own.

Watch it collapse as it contracts,
Watch it unfold out of control.
Unstoppable force, growing remorse,
A magnetic field the future will feel.

The strange ways that we keep face,
Gravitation holds our place.
We never seem to change our pace,
Forward on to win the race.

Congregation in the cell,
Manic pulse of thought upwells.
Deep inside the dark eclipse,
A growing metamorphosis.

Trapped inside deception and lies,
Trapped inside the growing madness in my mind.

All of the time spent, all of the years,
All of the moments that led me to this place.
What will I do now that I am here?

I walked inside the black serpent of the sky,
My eyes were drawn to a Sun within the dark nebula.

The wheel revolves contorting time and space,
Twisting strings that form the astral plane.
The dark creature begins the chase,
Holding the mane of the beast to meet our fate.
A stark contrasting blob infects our sight,
Riding further into the night.
A search to be content with what we are,
And to look and find a place among the stars.

Desperately, we arrive... anywhere,
A place we never planned to be...


9. Accelerating Universe

Lost in time where thoughts are faint echoes,
My city crumbles.
A path of destruction ahead of me,
Tracing the footsteps of insanity.
I see the ashes of a bridge to gold,
I sacrifice my empty soul,
Emptiness crowds the streets,
I drain my thoughts, I carry on to bleed.

  
Dark energy is pulling me,
My old thoughts unheard, accelerating universe.

A darkening force, the unfathomed realm reborn,
Worlds of nothing, chaos forlorn.
The weak will follow the false cure of souls,
My weakness pulls me into the black hole.
Humanity, a blood trail caress,
I follow it to the unconquered fortress,
A blinding light made from distraction,
It burns your eyes out if you get too close.


Obscure flickers in the distance,
These lights blinked out of existence.
Dying systems pulled through a void,
Experimental universe designed to destroy itself.

Release of energy from our point of origin,
Will this cycle continue to be again?
Or will these stars fade and kill their systems?
Will our night sky be solar gravestones?
It pulls the thought of change from our minds,
The only thought unchained in our minds,
It drains your blood, rips out your soul,
Your mind is hollow, you are time's black hole.


Minds in a standstill, as we walk on this treadmill,
Our guide through the eons, until our star is gone.